this is the aqualen jr. set by Santa
Sphere it's an art kit made in France
and it's for ages five to ninety five a
five-year-old might do it very simply
and a nine year old might do a
wonderfully complex that's up to the
family that's playing with the toy and
let me show you what you get inside
inside there's wonderful images for
instance butterflies here's one it's
fully painted and it's painted really
wonderfully simple with lots of little
colors
it's an embossed paper here you can see
the embossing on the demo page you can
see it much better now to show you what
you're getting in the kit you get a
little instruction guide and on the
instruction guide there is a mixing page
the mixing page shows you how to take
your dropper this set comes with a brush
and with the little dropper comes with
five water soluble washable inks and
your palette which is also washable and
it's showing you that you're mixing the
red violet with some blue violet and
you're adding water and you get this
wonderful baby blue pale color so I'm
going to bring water I have water here
put it in my little dropper and bring it
and I put it into my pallet and I'm
going to drop it and you know again just
wipe it on my paper towel I brought
another piece of paper here for a color
mixing and I can see what my color
mixing looks like and to give you an
example here this is partially painted
can you see the unpainted side and you
can just see a tiny bit of the image and
here you can see as we're getting the
color and I've used some of the
wonderful yellow I take the pipette into
my yellow and add some into my pallet
clean the dropper wipe it off take some
color from my red add some of that to my
yellow and mix see tested over here see
if it's a wonderful orange I use my red
in my yellow to make this orange and now
I'm going to bring it to my painting and
nice and wet and some of the colors I'll
change that little bit of color there
maybe I'll change this one and make that
one a little bit deeper and also make
this the colors are really the inks are
very very brilliant that's why there's
so much fun to work with
and you'll see that it stays look at the
color stays in the area that you want it
to be in
if you go past your edge that ball wax
moves it right back in and take your
paper towel and you can clean up your
little bits and it's just so much fun to
play with